{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 When I compare the two improvements, the results clearly suggest prioritizing the 
\f1\b new permanent user source (Task 1-e)
\f0\b0  over the temporary 10-day sale (Task 1-d).\
The sale only affects purchase conversion for a short window (Day 15\'9624). It increases IAP revenue temporarily, but once the event ends the game returns to its previous revenue level. In other words, it creates a revenue spike rather than a lasting change in the economy. This is also reflected in the analysis: the sale mainly shifts the break-even ARPPU, but it does not fundamentally change the long-term revenue structure.\
The new user source behaves very differently. Starting from Day 20, it increases the number of players entering the game every day. Because revenue in a free-to-play game depends heavily on the active player base, this change affects both ad revenue and purchase revenue simultaneously. More importantly, the effect compounds over time: each additional cohort continues generating revenue in future days as long as they remain active.\
For that reason, I would prioritize integrating the new user acquisition source. The sale is useful as a short-term monetization tool (for example to hit a monthly target), but the permanent source improves the long-term health of the game and has a much larger impact on cumulative revenue and lifetime value.\
In summary, the sale is a temporary monetization lever, while the new source is a growth lever. If only one improvement can be implemented, the permanent user source should be chosen.\
}